Adding instructions for using the Airflow REST API locally. (#1073)
astronomer/docs: astro/test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md

:::

> ## Make requests to the Airflow REST API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call Airflow REST API in a local environment
```

> ## Make requests to the Airflow REST API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Make requests to the Airflow REST API locally
```

- I'd keep the `request` language to be consistent with https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/airflow-api?
- Looks like we have `Run project locally` so I don't mind the "locally" language either

Reviewer: I like "Make requests to the Airflow REST API locally"!

> To make requests to the [Apache Airflow REST API](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) locally, you can use HTTP Basic Authentication with the credentials output by the `astro dev start` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use HTTP basic access authentication to make requests to the [Airflow REST API](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) for a local Airflow environment. This can be useful for testing API calls that you might have to execute in a production environment.

To authenticate to your environment through HTTP, you only need your Airflow UI username and password, which by default are both `admin`.
```

> To make requests to the [Apache Airflow REST API](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) locally, you can use HTTP Basic Authentication with the credentials output by the `astro dev start` command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use HTTP basic access authentication to make requests to the [Airflow REST API](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) in a local Airflow environment. This can be useful for testing API requests before executing them in a production environment on Astro.

To authenticate to your local environment with HTTP, you need the username and password for your local user. These are the credentials required by the Airflow UI. The username and password are both `admin` by default.
```

> #### cURL
> ```cURL
> curl -X GET localhost:8080/api/v1/<endpoint> --user "admin:admin"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### cURL

```sh
curl -X GET localhost:8080/api/v1/<endpoint> --user "admin:admin"
```
```

> #### Python
> ```python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Python

```python
```

import requests

response = requests.get(
   url="localhost:8080/api/v1/<endpoint>",
   auth=("admin", "admin")
)
```

> :::info
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more information on making requests to Airflow REST API and common examples, please see our [guide](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/airflow-api) on this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make requests to the Airflow REST API on an Astro Deployment, see [Airflow API](airflow-api.md).
```

> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Check spacing here
